thirty two jagers one winner the
Skylanders tournament hey guys
sick angry gameplay HD bringing you the
finals
yeah I'm excited this is actually the
first time a interchangeable swap force
has made it this far which some people
had commented and said that those were
the strongest characters in the game but
that's definitely not the case at all
that's far from the truth they're there
stat sheet it was made of it yeah it did
make it appear that they're the
strongest but they're just now I've also
read that those stats do not actually
affect them in a game now that's pretty
not somebody said that but I don't I
think they do I think they do affect the
damage output in the health and all that
because you can definitely tell a
difference in defense some of us in
hitting power for sure stomp smash yeah
we we did up their lives to seven for
the finals so let's get this rolling to
see what happens i I don't feel like I
got this sealed up though this is gonna
be a tough fight for sure Oh get a
little purple things I'll tell you what
I travel through here
yeah I'm trying to try to stay away from
that that's spin here you go come come
to Daddy it's hard to even commentate
cuz I'm like hey I love that this move
right here is awesome
look at this ready go attack yes
somebody got on me because I wasn't
doing that for one of the one of the
fighter loop-the-loop that actually
damage yeah I was kind of weird wasn't
it Oh got him Kamel I'm gonna hit you oh
yes with a big star fight they just no
no go get your star strike captain yeah
this isn't looking too good for Hulu
yeah
yeah I gotta you pre-shot said there
but knows roots man I see what uh do
that thing Wow would you hit me with
yeah it was the the hypnotize move I
think
freezes me up yeah that's about the only
thing that who moves you're not going
form at this point I'm glad it still has
a chance to hit me like that whose
little target thanks Tom but here we go
ladies and gentlemen get it get them
count
yeah hey that moves nasty dude I'm
telling you straight got it
came back from the grave on out brawl
and now I'm by the O one life to live
for you my friend
yeah this is a fish I'm already
disappointed cuz I don't know I don't
think I can make a comeback star strikes
are strikes just too tough or strikes oh
wow I should have never let star strike
beat Blizzard show that was my chance to
get star strike out of here I think it
is you better get those those
reflections that shoot my projectiles
back at me is do nothing against that
star strike is nasty yeah that was a
really kind of bad matchup for hoot loop
because who loop has no other way to
damage you other than the teleport which
doesn't do that much damage so all my
projectiles that were getting shot at
you you could reflect half of them back
at me so it was definitely a lopsided
fight on that I mean out of all the
tournaments we had I wouldn't have I
wouldn't have thought that would have
happened in the finals much less you
know who it was gonna be against well at
least he made it that far I guess that's
all I can say about that but that's a
wrap once again a swamp for sloths out
yeah so I force lost yet again but
anyways this is zero a gameplay HD and
thanks for watching our third tournament